what's up everybody it's GQ i'm
currently in my shop their GP coats and
we're setting up for our second glam
squad photo shoot we only have a couple
of our members involved issue because we
want to keep it a tight set and we only
have two different looks that were going
for for each month so it's going to be a
fairly new quick shot our shoot but i
want to give you a little tour of like
our setup right here we have what we're
going to be setting up our backdrop of
our for our photographer you really
can't see anything now but in about 30
minutes we're going to have a full-on
backdrop set up and our photographer
usually uses this setting to do this
thing and we have Marcie right here so
you're going to be doing hair with me
BAM and then we have Eric he's our
official their official makeup artist
and hairstylist here at GQ cuts but he
has his entire setup and this is just
for two girls imagine how it is when
we're doing video shoots it's ridiculous
but this is my setup right here and I
want to walk you to the back where we
have all of our wardrobe this is where
I'm going to basically be doing all my
hair but on back here you want to come
back here with me what's good so now
we're in wardrobe I want to introduce
you to our hair star a wardrobe stylist
right here BAM this XL hi everybody I'm
to sell video ginger star clothing WWE
and restore calm to our them start BAM
um today we're going for two different
looks the first look is going to be a
classic vintage kind of Hollywood style
that pearls we have plays and of course
before an oppo for a real fur I'm the
second look that we're going to go for
today is going to be kind of like a
beauty edge rock style just BAM look so
we have a lot of this going on a lot of
16 is going on yikes thank you
okay BAM faith fake right there so this
is gonna look even more awesome when
it's on you got the skinny mini and all
this stuff can pretty much be like
Warren up or worn down and when the
photo shoots over you can kind of feel a
little bit about it you can see all the
shoes you have laid out for today's
looks all kinds of different stuff we
have leopard over here all kinds of
accessories and I can't wait trip out on
this though everything provided today is
from ginger star and I'm really excited
to work with this out today because we
are able to finally combine our
businesses and really create magic and I
love to be creative and she's like a
fashionista so we're really gonna happen
put him work today are you hey guys
mercy right here the shops on the chin
do that i'm super tired a Hollywood
photo shoots or second photo shoot for
my glam squad this is our setup that
we're doing first up this is mine I have
my colors that would be using my smaller
one and my bigger one I'm gonna be doing
tighter curls on the bottom and these
are ways to talk to kind of have like a
soft still wet all the way through my
model is going to be free
intern here at you said she'd been
entering with us for a few months now
she will see beauty school so while
attaching don't want Beauty cuz you're
not only going to be a feast which is
sweet fabulous this is Erica this is
derek these Arabs I'll make up fiction
right here GQ station there and the only
people are busy today is Regina miss you
guys there's no makeup artist her
chickenhead time squad this is my setup
where today to work with our models I'm
very excited to work with the models
that we have today we're actually
working with Jana so I'm very excited
just to beat up somatic ok get this
started I hope you guys enjoy this video
and her brother what's up girl and I
added extension sis work early the
forward and we're going to do
my second section
since Jennifer I'm on over today I'm
pretty much just talking on her face
you can hear some highlight did her
eyeshadow good we finally have our model
in our chair this is Jennifer BAM the
one and only what I'm doing is just
prepping big pearls I really just want
to have like a drop who's fun look not
so crazy but I'm really excited to do
something very simple but here at Tiki
because we really don't do much simple
and we got Eric right here BAM feeding
down her face but uh he's worked both
halfway done right now and we're excited
to finish the look and then get started
up on the on the photo shoot itself
hey what's going in showcasing a lot of
different things on one palette and I'm
pretty excited for him how you feeling
brie good and then we got Jen behind the
camera right now Bam Bam we are on load
number two baby
we got Ralph our photographer bang ow